they just can't get my nose right your
finest table please here comes the
smolder
let down your
that's a lot of hair
take me to see the world
oh no no can do you comin blondie here
frankly I'm too scared to ask about the
frog chameleons you smell that as part
man smell and the other part is really
bad man smell but overall it just smells
like the color brown your thoughts
go
lift your tree I will your dream stinks
I was talking to her
I feel maybe this whole time we've just
been misunderstanding one another and
we're really just yeah you're right we
should go look in that mirror I see a
strong confident beautiful young lady oh
look you're here too
I met someone yes the wanted thief I'm
so proud
so as you know tomorrow is a blah blah
blah I'm not getting any younger down
here you want me to be the bad guy fine
now I'm a bad guy
I'm just teasing you're adorable I love
you so much darling